Update DG: Manual testing for addEcNumber, Sort, Edit (#196)
AY2425S1-CS2103-F12-4/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    3. Test case: `edit 1 c/A1`<br>
       Expected: No student's detailed are changed. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

    4. Other incorrect edit commands to try: `edit`, `edit 0`, `edit c/1A c/2A`<br>
       Expected: Similar to previous.

2. _{ more test cases …​ }_

### Adding EcNumber for a student

1. Adding EcNumber for a student in the list

    1. Prerequisites: List must not be empty, student for which EcNumber is added should already be in the list.

    2. Test case: `addEcNumber 1 ep/91234567`<br>
       Expected: First student will have his emergency contact number added. Name and emergency contact number will be shown in the status message.

    3. Test case: `addEcNumber 1 ep/`<br>
       Expected: First student will have his emergency contact number deleted. Name of student with the emergency contact number deleted will be shown in the status message.
    
    4. Test case: `addEcNumber 1 ep/123`<br>
       Expected: No emergency contact number is changed. Error details shown in the status message. Status bar remains the same.

>     5. Other incorrect addEcNumber commands to try: `addEcNumber`, `addEcNumber 0 ep/`, `addEcNumber 1 ep/123`<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    5. Other incorrect addEcNumber commands to try: `addEcNumber`, `addEcNumber x ep/91234567` (where x is larger than the list size)<br>
```

Reviewer: for consistency with other commands
